c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic.dll
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic.pdb
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\KnowSysTest.BLL.Abstract.dll
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\KnowSysTest.DAL.Abstract.dll
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\KnowSysTest.Entities.dll
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\KnowSysTest.BLL.Abstract.pdb
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\KnowSysTest.DAL.Abstract.pdb
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\KnowSysTest.Entities.pdb
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\obj\Debug\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\obj\Debug\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic.dll
c:\users\nadin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\obj\Debug\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic.pdb
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Nadin\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final_KnowledgeSysTest_KirillBeskostenko\KnowSysTest.BLL.Logic\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
